Welcome.
It is 5:00, and we must thank Allah for Iran is still here. 
But I fear it will not be much longer. 
Our time has come. 
In thirty minutes, American planes will overshadow our beloved city. 
The storm they fabricated has concealed them.
I will not lie to you, not on this day, not on my life. 
For without it, you would not see me speak. 
You would not hear me speak. 
I want you all to know that the world will remember us for our courage and not our sins. 
We did what Allah asked of us and never surrendered. 
In time, we will have our retribution. 
In the infinite afterlife, we will haunt this Earth as a specter of our own preeminent destruction. 
The Western powers brought the toxins of industry into this world. 
They will be left behind to rot in their own stench. 
That great cloud of darkness which hangs above us is a sign not of our doom but of theirs. 
We have cast no stones but those which were necessary to preserve our own livelihood. 
This is the final act of idolatry that Allah will tolerate. 
For it has been foretold, written in blood, not in vain, in our hearts and souls, that we shall return at the curtain’s fall and after the completion of the Great Flight. 
Our silver seed will rise up and meet their storm. 
This vessel will transport our people and our bloodlines far far away into the outskirts of space. 
On those fringes, we shall be safe from human retaliation. 
We will rebuild our society in Allah's glorious light. 
For the star which sits at the center is one much like our own. 
This is why, my dear people, we must perish in eternal fire. 
Our sacrifice will create an impenetrable barrier that will surround our silver seed. 
When that barrier reaches the new atmosphere we will be revived on impact. 
Over the course of 1,000 years, our civilization will be rebuilt and we shall return. 
We shall return. 
And in this new world, we will be sure to live in harmony with our natural surroundings. 
For we will be but visitors stranded in an ecosystem which has up until this point known no human disease. 
So, I beg of you, when the bombs fall you must rise to meet them. 
Your will must be unbreakable. 
Your spirits, by the almighty Allah, will be invulnerable to western weaponry. Their treachery will be their demise. 
And so, they forfeit the reigns of our human existence to us. 
This is our escape. This is our fate. 
I will leave you to it…
Inshallah, Iran!